When we're developing for the web and something is weird,
you can just refresh.
Typically, this isn't something you can do with
Native development because you need to recompile your code.
With React Native, because you get
the same development experience you're used to on the web,
you can also refresh your app if you need to.
With the iOS and Android simulator,
just double tap R,
and if you're on your phone,
just shake it, then press refresh.
In a previous video,
I showed you how to open up the developer tools on both iOS and Android.
On iOS, it was command D, and on Android,
it was command M. And once you open up the developer tools,
you have the option to reload or to refresh your application,
but there's actually a shortcut for doing this and
I prefer the shortcut because it's a little bit quicker.
On iOS, what you can do,
is hit command R and that will go ahead and refresh the app, as you're seeing there.
And on Android, what you can do,
is double tap R and that will refresh the application on Android.